Update ChangeLog for Azure.Communication.Chat 1.2.0 release (#40550)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/communication/Azure.Communication.Chat/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.2.0 (2023-12-04)

### Features Added

> - Added `ChatAttachment` object that contains properties for attachments incoming from Teams Chat Threads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `ChatAttachment` object that contains properties for inline images incoming from Teams Chat Threads.
```
